Good morning, family. How are y'all
doing today? Well, we're going to pray.
I have an urgency to pray. I have some
things the Lord revealed to us last
night in the middle of the night. He
spoke to us, and he told us about some
things that are being plotted and
planned by the evildoers.
And so,
I can't get into a lot of it, but
I know by what the Spirit of God has
told me through the night that if we
would pray together
as a family this morning, we will
see great results in catching these
evildoers—one
in particular that is a leader
in the United States of America.
This is very serious.
You know me; I don't do videos this
early.
I do them at night.
I was up all night, and the Lord said, 'I
want you to pray with the
people.'So,
I'm waiting for a little bit
more of you to come in. How many are
here?
1,200.
Okay, that's good enough. 1,200. We can
do it.
All right. Well, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining
me again this day. Today is Yom
Kippur,
and we have work to do. Last night, I was
visited by the Lord,
and he told me some specific
things—very
clear visions, very
clear about terrorist activity in
America.
There's a lot of this, like I'm saying,
I cannot say over the air, but I will
tell you this:
there's one man in particular. He is...
how could I say that?
There's one particular man
that we can catch real quick by the
Spirit if we pray into this this
morning. I was on his trail all night,
and he's running.
And I know by the Spirit of God, we are
going to catch this man.
He is a leader.
And I know there's a lot of detail, like
I said, that I see that I cannot say,
especially on this live. But I
will
tell you this:
I believe in the power of prayer where two
or more are gathered together in his
name. We're going to
touch and agree right now, and we're
going to believe that our Secret
Service, our Homeland Security, and our FBI
will catch this guy.
He's been two steps ahead of them for a
while.
I can say that. The Lord said he's been
two steps ahead of them
because of certain reasons, and I can't
get into that.
But we're going to pray for the head of
the snake to be decapitated,
okay? So, that's what we're here to do.
And I'm not going to waste
y'all's time. I know you're probably
getting ready for work and whatnot
today. But I know that if we could just
pray just a little bit, even if you give
five minutes to
this—five
minutes getting ready for work, or
on the way to work, or wherever you're at
right now—pray into this for five
minutes in tongues with me.
And us as a group, a body, we're going
to cut the head of the
snake.
And when this
happens—I
want to say so much.
We must pray for Israel.
We must pray for Israel. Excuse my
coughing. Like I said, I got my
peppermint stick
here, and it really helps.
We just need a freeze to kill all the
ragweed.
Okay, I'm trying to
navigate this thing the best I can,
y'all, with what I've been given to tell
you without exposing too much. And I'll
just tell you this: we need to pray for
Israel.
We need to pray for
the
three Ps: plots, plans, and pursuits.
Okay.
Help me, Holy Spirit, here. This is very
serious, y'all. This is very serious. And
the things I'm getting by the Spirit of
God last night, I was very angry about
it for what I was
seeing.
Do you think I can say the gang
name?
Probably shouldn't say that gang name.
Well, it doesn't matter. I'm just going
to pray. You just pray with me. Okay,
let's just pray. That's all that
matters. The Holy Spirit knows. And like
I said, the things I get, y'all, I get
these visions like this; I never
share them publicly.
And
this is very
serious. So, you just need to know, as
Brandon comes here and brings this stuff
to you, when I tell you it is very
serious, this will be life and
death for some. Okay? And that's how
serious it is, to the level of the things
that I have delivered to you.
This is top tier.
This is very—I can
say this: what happened in New York
with the telecommunications and
the 100,000 SIM cards, it's
piggybacked.
Okay. So, I can say that. So, we're going
to pray. That's what I can say. So,
it's just an unfolding of an onion.
It's like an onion; it has many layers.
And this thing is bigger than what most
people realize.
There's a lot of people
that will never know behind the scenes of how
deep and how much infiltration we
had from the southern border over the
course of the last five years, or
whatever it was, four years, and the
evildoers coming across.
And so, we must pray that every one of
them will be exposed.
I will tell you this, I can say the Lord
said you can say that
it's not just big cities. You need
to pray, mamas, grandmas, grandpas,
daddies, over high school football
games.
You need to pray over your local
government, your local gatherings of your
town
people—small
town, not just major
cities. You think, 'Well, I don't live in
Chicago. I don't live in Boston. I don't
live in New York.'But you live
maybe in a small town.
And if you're in a
small town,
you need to pray just as hard
because of what I've seen.
So, all right, let's just get right into
it. Let's take communion. If you have
your communion cracker and you want to
pray with me—I never go into prayer
before I take communion. It's that
important. So, we lift up the body before
you, Father. And I thank you, Lord, that
you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we are healed.
And we believe, Father, that we have
authority. And I thank you, Lord, that
we take our rightful place in the
heavenlies, far above all principalities
and powers and might. We take our seat,
and we say in the name of Jesus over our
area, over our area of influence,
wherever you are at right now, we say,
'Satan, we take authority over
your demonic spirits that would try to
come against our families, against our
loved ones, against our town.'Father, I
thank you, Lord, there's a bloodline
around us. We apply the blood, and we
bind the demonic spirits that they will
not be able to maneuver in any way to
cause any kind of havoc or any kind of
demonic attack against our towns or our
local cities. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that the blood of Jesus Christ is over
our nation, and we plead the blood
over us. And we thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us is going to
prosper. A thousand shall fall at our
side, and ten thousand at our right hand, but
it shall not come nigh us. We thank you,
Lord, that we're always in the right
place at the right time, doing exactly
what you've called us to do every single
day.
We must listen to the voice of God in
this day and hour.
Seriously, you need to heighten your
spiritual discernment and your hearing
by listening to the Spirit of God, by
praying, fasting, seeking him day to
day, all the time. Have your spiritual
antenna up. Keep strife out of your
house. Walk in love, for faith works by
love, and you must walk in love in
these last hours. Jesus
Christ is coming, and the enemy,
the devil, is doing everything he can
to try to disrupt this great revival
that's about to take place.
I kept hearing the word jihad.
I kept hearing the word
Mahdi.
We must create
instability in America
and wound the eagle
so that we can attack Israel.
For if the eagle is
crippled,
we will be able to have our way with
Israel.
If there is great distraction in the
eagle,
if there's great chaos in the eagle,
we can have our way with Israel.
And therefore, creating jihad and
what I saw would create a holy war that
would bring forth the Mahdi. And this is
the plan. And as I saw
these major events,
these major events
would be an attempt to try to create
instability
and peace. And I've warned you bits and
pieces of this over time.
And the very peace that you go about
every day and take for granted, as
our law enforcement does a really good
job, our Homeland Security, our people,
keeping law and order in this nation.
This is an attack
against civilization and the stability of
our way of life.
Two dead in UK synagogue attacked on Yom
Kippur,
suspect with a bomb shot by
police.
Do you see what I'm trying to tell
you all about today? What I'm trying to
tell you about today. The Lord said it's
about the day.
Good Lord, I wish I could say
stuff on free air—the
Yom Kippur
War. There
are
things that they want
retaliation for.
But I've said too much probably already.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the body,
and we lift up—I lift up the body, and I
thank You, Lord, for all that You've done
for us. And I take this body in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank You for the blood, and we
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us in these days. We apply
the blood of Jesus over this great
nation. We apply the blood of Jesus over
our president,
Donald Trump. We apply the blood of
Jesus over JD Vance. We apply the blood
of Jesus over Don Jr. and over Kai.
We apply the blood of Jesus over every
one of Donald Trump's kids,
over his grandkids, over his wife, over
the decisions that he makes in the days
ahead. We stand in the gap as watchmen
and watchwomen on the wall, praying and
lifting up this nation.
Father, even the UK, and over
Europe, and over all the areas
like in Australia and all these areas.
Father, I thank You, Lord, the blood of
Jesus covers our nations. It wasn't
about Asia;
it was about Western.
Everything I saw last night had nothing
to do with any other nation other than
America and Israel.
And it was a lot. The open-eyed
vision lasted probably almost an hour.
He showed me great details last night.
I almost went on immediately, but I
just interceded for it for a while. And
then He said, "If you do
this, we're after this one man.
He's probably about 40 years
old."So,
Father, we take the blood in the
name of Jesus,
and we thank You, Father,
and we thank You, Lord, for the blood, and
we apply the blood over this house and
over anything. If You want to
show me anymore, Lord,
I know what I know, Father,
but I thank You, Lord, that the blood of
Jesus covers my eyes and I see only what
You want me to see and I hear only what
You want me to hear, and a stranger's
voice I will not follow. I apply the
blood over me, Father. And I thank You,
Lord, that no demonic spirit comes in
and is able to infiltrate
and mess with me in any way. I plead
the blood of Jesus over my thinking.
And I thank You, Lord, for all that
You've done and all that You continue to
do in the mighty name of Jesus through
this channel.
And Father, we take the blood right now
in
Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord. Now, we're just going
to go tubing. If you don't know what
that means, we're going to go
down the Holy Ghost
River and pray in tongues. I don't
have time to pray in English
today, y'all. We've got to just jump right
into
this, and we're going to go
deep. You've got
to
put on your armor, and
let's ride this. And I'm
telling you, we're going to catch this
guy. We're going to catch him. We're
going to bring him to justice, and he's
not going to be able to hide anymore in
any of those little rooms.
He's not going to be able to hide.
He's had help, and we want to expose the
help.
We want to expose how he's been ahead.
Okay,
Holy Spirit,
we yield to you.
It's my peppermint stick. Father, I
thank You, Lord.
We jump right back into that river,
Father, where we were earlier.
Yeah.
And I'm uncovering
every room,
every hiding place, every cave,
every means of
cover-up.
We call an exposing in
the darkness. We
call you exposed, exposed, exposed,
found by law enforcement.
There's no rock you can hide under.
There's no cave. There's no subway.
There's no apartment complex. There's no
house. There's no building. I say there
is an uncovering. You will be found, and
you'll be found today in the name of
Jesus.
Every plot, every plan of jihad against
this nation, every plot, every plan,
every demonic attack or strategy
of pursuit of all this demonic I've
seen, I call you exposed in the name of
Jesus.
I call you exposed in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against Donald Trump or
his family will prosper. No weapon
formed against them will prosper. Every
tongue that rises against him,
we
condemn it.
We condemn the words
that have been spoken. We plead the
blood over this great nation.
We cover our Homeland Security. We
call every rat, every
harboring
rat to be exposed in every
police department, in the government
facilities, and judges. We call rats to
be exposed in the name of Jesus. Every
one of them that be harboring them, we
call exposing. We call exposing in the
name of Jesus.
We call every plan, every plot,
everything, we call exposed in Jesus'name,
in
the small towns and the great
cities. Over New York, over
Times
Square, over Grand
Central,
over
every mass transit,
over all the public
transportation
in
all the major cities. We call great
protection over the railways,
over the buses, over our Uber
drivers and the taxi cabs. We call
protection in the name of Jesus,
over
every public school,
over all high school football
games, over every college game, over our
baseball games, over our Major
League playoff games. We call a great
protection over everything, over
every singer.
For
it's over that spirit of jihad. You
foul
devil from hell, you stop it in
Jesus'name!
You cease and desist in
your
maneuvering against this area in
Jesus'name.
We'll not have it.
You will
not do this. We'll have peace. We'll
have joy. We'll have patience. And we'll
have love flow throughout America with a
great revival—a great revival.
We pray over Seattle.
We
pray
for an exposing
in Seattle, an exposing in Chicago, an
exposing in Boston, Massachusetts, an
exposing in Philadelphia. We call an
exposing in Washington, D.C. We call
an
exposing in New York City. And we thank
You, Lord, for this is like an onion
that has layers, and we
pull it back. We pull back the layers,
and we expose the darkness, and we turn
on the light.
Let the light
be shining so that they can see it,
that
no one would be hiding in the name of
Jesus. We call everything that has been
in the darkness to be brought to light.
Angels'aid
and assistance, aid and assistance.
Some towns only have two,
up to three.
Some towns have two to three.
Every secret communication exposed.
No way to communicate and be in private
anymore. We call everything that is in
private to be exposed in a
great exposing.
The underground chatter
to be exposed.
A network of
activity.
Over our theaters,
over where their entertainment would be,
great entertainment in theaters.
Every plot, every plan against our
churches,
against great fellowship with our
churches, megachurches, we call every
one of them exposed.
Every plot against our churches,
every plot against the pastors, teachers,
and evangelists to be exposed in
Jesus'name.
We call them exposed in
Every
day,
are
you ready to? Just read that.
Okay.
We thank you, Lord, for everything you
have in store.
We thank you, Lord,
that
the
jihad is
uncovered and brought to justice,
that they will not be able to do what
they're planning and plotting.
Every plan, every plot is exposed in the
name of Jesus.
The darkness will be uncovered in the
Oh Lord,
I take the care out of my prayer.
I take the care out of the prayer.
Thank you, Lord, that you show us
everything and we're exposing it today.
We're exposing it today.
We believe, Father, that
you've given us authority and you've
told us we could take our authority, and
we do that today
over every demonic spirit that's trying
to infiltrate our land. Father, I thank
you for President Trump.
I thank you, Father, for him.
I thank you, Father, that you bless his
mind today. You bless his heart today.
You bless his body—over his veins,
over his arteries, over his heart, over
the stress. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that he is in a place of peace. He's in
a place of joy today. I thank you,
Father, for his wife, for his marriage
to be restored and brought to a higher
level, that everything that is hidden be
fixed, be restored,
a freshness on his marriage, a
freshness on his children. I thank you
for Barron. I thank you, Father, for
Ivanka and the girls and Missy,
for Eric, for Don. Father, I pray for every
one of them, Father, that they have a
radical visitation from you, that they
would have a saving knowledge of
the Lord Jesus Christ and it would be a
radical conversion to
Christianity, a radical conversion,
Father, that the love
and the glory would be on that home.
I thank you, Lord, that we line up and
we bless Israel today. We bless Israel
today.
Thank you for Mike
Huckabee.
We pray protection over Mike
We lift up Mike Huckabee before you,
Father, and we put a hedge of blood
around Mike Huckabee today.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon
formed against Mike Huckabee would
prosper.
I cover him in the blood,
and I thank you, Lord, that Mike
Huckabee
would be completely protected
from every plot, every plan in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father, for protecting Mike
Huckabee
today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
Senate
and the House would get their act
together and they would open our
government back up today.
There's much more to this.
There's much more to this. There's much
more to this.
Thank you for this great land.
We thank you, Father, for bringing forth
the fire on our nation again of the
glory of God.
The glory of God.
I thank you for revival,
awakening unto God over America again.
From sea to shining sea, all the
way
from the Gulf all the way up to
Canada. I call a revival over America
again,
a stirring in every
believer's heart. I thank you, Lord, for
bringing people back to church.
Remember, I saw the church bells
ringing.
The church bells were ringing, ladies
and gentlemen, and the Lord said, 'This
is the last
call.'He
was ringing the church bells and he
was giving a sign. There's a major
shaking to awaken.
And he said, 'There's a sign coming.
A lot of people will run back to church. A lot of people
will run back to church.'And
I saw the pews full of Holy
Ghost and fire
and there were babies all outside.
There were so many babies, and
Leave-it-to-Beaver
moms were outside helping
those babies.
They looked like '50s mothers. They
were all dressed up in their
dresses like '50s women. And the Lord
said, 'Be patient with my
babies.'I
say it again today: be patient
with the babies. A great revival is
coming and many men and women will come
to the saving knowledge of Jesus in the
days ahead.
Be patient with the babies. They're
coming.
A great shaking is coming to this land.
Holy Spirit, you lead, I follow.
You lead, I follow,
for everything we have in store
today.
You dance, you lead, I follow.
It's a symphony.
Okay, I want you, when you're praying in
the spirit, look in your
heart towards New York right now. Okay,
this is the area that we need to focus
on: New York.
So, when you're praying in the spirit,
take your heart and
know you're praying. Say, 'Father, I
put my prayers to New York and Chicago,
Boston, and over
Philadelphia—these
major cities, like, big time.'Okay, so
we're going to... but in particular,
New York.
New York, there's... okay, so that's where
I have a... there. It's a hot spot.
It's been a hot spot all night for me.
Hot spots for New York. Okay,
for
that. Braden, I'm telling you, I would...
I'm not kidding. If you turn on
the news, I'd be...
my son,
do you see anything on the news right
now?
No,
I'm seeing it right now, buddy.
I call it uncovering.
I call uncovering.
My goodness.
Oh my goodness.
I'm there.
I'm
there.
I feel it.
Sir,
I rebuke that devil off of you in
Jesus'name.
Oh, Jesus.
Father, we just give you praise right
now. God, I worship you.
I worship you. This does not happen. I
worship you. This just does not happen.
Right. It will not happen.
I worship you, Father.
What time is it right now? What time is
it?
So, it's in New York. Okay,
for
everyone.
Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of
Jesus. Oh, the blood. Oh, the blood of
Jesus. The blood. I plead the blood.
I plead the blood.
I plead the blood of Jesus. I plead the
blood of Jesus.
Angels'aid
and assistance.
and assist.
We pray over the Hudson River. We pray
over the Hudson River. You pray over the
Hudson River.
City.
We stand on... 'And the Lord shall cause
your enemies who rise up against you to
be defeated before your face. They shall
come out against you one way and flee
before you seven ways.'We stand on
Deuteronomy 28:7. The Lord gave that to
me when I was praying, and he said right
then,
'Deuteronomy 28:7: The Lord shall cause
your enemies who rise up against you
to be
defeated before your face. They shall
come out against you one way and flee
before you seven ways.'Thank
you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord. We give you praise,
Lord, for Deuteronomy 28:7.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies
who rise up against you to be defeated
before you. They shall come out against
you one way and flee before you seven
ways.'That's
what he said.
I receive it. Do you receive it today
with me? He said it:
'The Lord shall cause your enemies who
rise up against you
to be defeated before you.
They will come out against you one way
and flee before you seven
ways.'They'll
be defeated before your face.
That's what the Lord said. They'll be
defeated
before your face.
They'll be defeated.
The jihadists will be defeated before our
face.
Thank you, Lord.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies
who rise up against you to be defeated
before your
face.'We're
going to see it.
Their devices will not go off. Their
devices will
not go
off. Angels'aid
and assistance.
Hallelujah.
That's what kind of God we
serve.
'The Lord shall cause your enemies
who rise up against you
to
be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way
and they will flee before you seven
ways.'I
believe it. I believe
it today.
I believe it today.
I believe I receive this.
Every jihad,
every device
will not work.
Every one of them will be exposed and
brought to justice.
Every evildoer
will be exposed
and brought to justice.
Mama had about the evildoer...
Remember when she read... That was
Deuteronomy 29,
wasn't it? Psalms 91. Psalms 91. It was
like Psalms... I believe it's Psalms 93
where she was talking. She was reading,
Mama. Huh? Your Deanna. Deanna is what I'm
talking about. Don't worry about it. You
don't have to get her. I just remember
we talked about the evildoers
being exposed and brought to justice.
So, I'm believing that all the
evildoers, every one of these evildoers
that I've seen throughout this nation,
are going to be exposed.
And we just stand on Deuteronomy
28:7
today
that every plot,
every plan,
every device
will be exposed and brought to justice.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
They'll try to come at us one way, but
they'll be defeated before our face.
They're going to
be defeated
because we're believing believers.
Do you believe that? They are going to
be defeated
because we're believing believers. They
have authority over the devil. And there
is no jihad
coming
nigh America, coming nigh
Europe, coming wherever you are. I know I
have people watching from all around the
world,
so you just believe it for your area,
but I'm believing for America right now for
what I've seen.
Do you believe that with me?
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. My voice is getting
strong again so I can sing. All this
drainage is gone.
I strained. I prayed too
hard right then and again like I did
earlier, and it was feeling better, and I
drank hot tea, and
there you go. You found it again, buddy.
Yeah, Psalm
92:7.
Yep.
Though the wicked spring up like grass
and all evildoers flourish, they are
doomed to be destroyed forever.
All evildoers are doomed to be destroyed
forever.
All evildoers.
Father, I believe that
all evildoers are doomed to be destroyed
forever.
We believe in Psalm 91.
For he will give his angels...
For he will give his
angels charge over you
to accompany, defend, and preserve you
in
all your ways of obedience and
service. They will be sent as angels are
sent to protect us, and they bear us up
in their hands, lest we dash our foot
against a stone. A thousand shall fall
at your side, and 10,000 at your right
hand, but it will not come nigh. So,
we're going to say a thousand jihadists
will try to fall at our side, and 10,000
at our right hand, but it will not come
nigh us.
Even lone wolves,
sympathizers,
only a spectator shall you be yourself.
Inaccessible.
I'm inaccessible.
Do you get that? I'm inaccessible
in the secret place of the Most High.
I'm inaccessible.
He can't get me. I'm in the
secret place of the Most High.
There isn't any jihad that's going to get
us. Why? Because we're inaccessible.
We're inaccessible.
We're in the secret place of the Most
High.
Hallelujah. Do you believe that
today? You've got to believe it.
For he will give his angels
charge over you
to accompany and defend and preserve you
in all your ways of obedience and
service.
There's an anointing on that.
I feel the push.
Find scripture that pertains to what
you're believing for today and pray it.
And that's what I'm doing because I'm
praying in tongues. I'm praying in it.
But you've got to have
word-backed
prayer.
You've
got to find the word to back what
you're praying.
And this is what he said in his word,
and we've got to believe it with all and be
believing believers today and say a
thousand jihadists will fall at our side
and 10,000 at the right hand, but it
won't come nigh me or you
because he gives his angels.
He sent his angels to keep charge over
us.
Do
you believe that? They shall bear
you up in their hands lest you dash your
foot against a stone.
He's given his angels charge over us,
that no terrorist attacks,
no plots, no plans of the wicked
will come nigh
us.
He will cover you with his pinions,
and under his wings shall you trust and
find refuge. His truth
and his faithfulness are a shield and a
buckler.
His truth
and his faithfulness.
His faithfulness.
God's been faithful to me.
God's been faithful to you. You may not
think that some days, but he's been
faithful to you in every area of your
life. My God has been faithful to me.
I love 16. With long life
will I satisfy him and show him my
salvation.
He shall call upon me and I will answer
him. I will be with him in trouble. I
will deliver him and honor him
with long life.
That's a long life. I will live long
and finish strong. I will live long and
finish strong. So, Father,
we believe
today
that your hand is on us. It's been an hour and 30
minutes.
We've been praying that long already.
Wow. I feel like it's just been a couple
of
seconds.
It's going quick.
I told you I'd keep you just a second,
but
I feel the anointing. So, I'm going to
keep going until I...
But isn't that amazing? Praise the Lord.
That time goes quick.
He will cover you with his
pinions, and under his wings shall you
trust and find refuge. His truth and his
faithfulness are a shield and a buckler.
I love that. His truth
and his faithfulness.
God has been faithful to us and he will
protect us with all what I've seen. I'm
telling y'all, that's why I
comfort myself with this. I say,
"Oh, nope. I'm not moved by it.
I'm not moved by
it."Why?
Because Psalm 91 is my friend.
Jesus is my friend
and he'll protect me. And you
know what you say? "Well, what happens if
it doesn't?"Well, to be absent from the
body is to be present with the Lord. We
win
either way.
We win either way. For his goodness and
his mercy follow us all the days of our
life. His goodness and his mercy,
they're following us in Psalm 23. His
goodness and his mercy are following me.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that all
evildoers
that are doomed to be destroyed,
all evildoers,
Psalm
92:7.
I thank you, Father.
God, we praise you, Father, for today.
We praise you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting
Minnesota today, Minneapolis.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting Los
Angeles. Thank you, Lord, for protecting
Dallas and Houston. Thank you, Lord, for
protecting Tulsa and Oklahoma City.
Thank you, Lord,
for protecting Branson, Missouri.
Thank you, Father.
Every city that's represented here,
every one of us, we're believing today.
Glory to God. Thank you for protecting
Washington, D.C.
Thank you, Father.
We're going to see a turnaround. We're
going to see financial blessing on our
households today.
Thank you, Lord, that whatever we put
our hands to will prosper.
God, we lack no good thing.
God, you've anointed us and
you've appointed us for such a time as
this. And it wasn't to be broke,
busted, and disgusted where we didn't
have enough money to pay our bills
because it's the first, it's the second, and
people have to pay their bills, Lord.
And so, Father, we thank you that you're
the God of Israel, you're the God of Jehovah
Jireh,
and He will provide. He'll provide
the electric. He'll provide the water.
He'll provide the telephone. He'll
provide the car payment, whatever you
may need. My God
said He'll provide all your needs
according to His riches in glory by
Christ Jesus. I always say if you have a
need, sow a seed. I'm believing God that
all the seeds we've sowed
reap a 30, 60, and 100-fold return, and we
lack no good thing. You believe that
today? You have to believe it today.
Believe. Be a believing believer.
Be a believing believer. And our
great nation is protected.
I felt a release off that. So, I'm
thankful for every one of y'all praying.
I don't know how many I had praying with
me, but
6,000 praying, y'all. That's a lot. We
just poked the devil's eye
today.
We just poked the devil's eye today. I
feel a release a little bit on
that.
There's still an underlying
undercurrent,
but it was nothing like the pulse that I
felt
when I first started. I was like, "Oh,
goodness."But
we just poked the devil's eye.
Glory to God. We could pray a little bit
longer, but I feel pretty good about
that. Praying over our nation. Still,
don't let your guard down on it all day
long.
We have the victory.
We're praying from the victory side.
We're on the victory side. You know,
we're like the whack-a-moles. We're out.
Those little whack-a-moles hit their
heads
up there. We hit them,
and
we know another one's
coming up. We're going to hit
them
again. Every time those
whack-a-moles
stick their heads up there,
you smack them on the head. That devil
tries
to come up out of his hole, you
hit him in the head again. I'm saying he
ain't going to get up. I know he's going
to try. Boop! I bump him in the head.
You know those arcade games, you know
the
whack-a-mole?
That's what we do with the devil. He
tries to put his head up there, you hit
him in the head with the little
thing. Say, 'No, you ain't sticking your
head out of there, devil. We got
authority over you.
We're believing believers that have
authority over
you.'We
don't have defeat in our country.
The
Lord said, 'I just heard.
I hear
you.'We
call the
revival to come forth.
We call it in.
We call revival. We call great
awakening.
Let revival start with you today, inside
of you today. Let revival start inside
of you today.
Stir us, oh God. Stir us, oh God. Thank
you, Lord.
Create
in
us a clean heart today. Oh
Father, create in us a clean heart.
I've
seen this right there.
You're going to start to entertain
angels unaware,
and greater levels
of angels and assistance
as we get closer and closer to the
coming of our Savior.
He's standing at the door. But I just
heard Him
say,
'I'm sending angels and
assistance even more in a greater
capacity for this generation.
You need help, and help's on the way
that's here now. Believe for
it.'It's
like they travel like that. Just
know that the Lord said many of you in
the days ahead will entertain angels
unaware,
angels'aid
and assistance.
Expect it.
Expect to walk and work with angels
in this revival, in the healing flow,
in bringing in the unsaved.
Work with the angels. Commission your
angels.
He said He would give His angels charge
over us. But they're
ministering, aren't they? Ministering
spirits sent forth to the heirs of
salvation.
They're sent to protect us and help us.
So, I use my angels all the time.
'Angels, I thank you that you're watching
over my kids. Thank you, Lord, that you
sent your angels to protect our kids
today as they go to school. You're
watching over our children.'The Lord
said there'll be four that I work with
here with healings.
So I believe that today there
are
angels bringing your body parts, whatever
you need: new kidneys, new heart, new
liver, whatever you may need
today.
You may be sick in your bed watching me
and you're saying, 'Man, Brandon, I
would like to go to work today. I
can't because I'm not feeling well or
whatever.'But
I believe that the healing power of God
is
flowing through your room right
now, wherever you are.
There is an expiration date to that
sickness in your life.
There's an expiration date to the
trial that you've been going through.
It's not meant for us to continue to live
in a storm
in any way. We call peace to the storm.
People go through trials, people go
through things, but people
say, 'Well, I've been underneath this
attack for so long. I've got all this
going on.'No. God wants us to live
an
abundant life to the extreme until it
overflows. It's not for us to live
underneath a shadow of
rain going, 'Oh God, where's the next
storm?'We're
supposed to live a life to
the extreme until it overflows with joy
unspeakable and full of glory.
And so many people are living in the
valley,
the valley of the shadow of death. Well,
I've been in the valley of the shadow of
death. I remember Brother Hagin said,
'Well,
the devil's been
chasing me all week,'or whatever. I
might
mess up the story, but
it shouldn't be that
we're running from the devil. The devil
should be running from us.
We have authority.
You have to understand your authority in
Ephesians, and read Ephesians
over and over again, all six
chapters.
Go over it and over
again.
Read it. Read it and read it again.
Meditate on it.
I
try to at least read it once a
week. My wife and I will go through it.
But now, Sister Billye gave that little
book,
and she has a little book about the
authority of the believer, Billye Brim.
And you can get her
little book. I believe she probably has
it on her website, but you can go on
there, and it's a little thin
book,
just a little bitty book. You can
find it, and you read that prayer
about being seated with Him in the heavenlies.
And take your place of authority every
single day before you start your day,
and
tell that devil he ain't going to touch
your kids, he ain't going to touch your
husband, he ain't going to touch your wife.
And you use your authority. Take
communion.
I take communion probably twice a day.
Well, that seems excessive. No, not
in
my world. I take communion all the
time. I am continually staying in communion
with Him.
'Father, I thank you.'And I take this
anointing oil, and I don't dump this all
over me, but if I had more, I'd dump
it. But I put that anointing, and I
anoint my kids with oil, and I put oil
on their heads. I got this from Billy
Burke, which is so precious to me.
Do you have that up there, son?
Right there in my little box.
He got me this for Christmas last year.
And he gave me a bunch of them, little
oils. They're all frankincense. He got
that for me for Christmas.
And this is myrrh,
and this is frankincense, and this is
Rose of Sharon.
I thought that was really nice. I was
so excited. See, it says 'Billy
Burke'on
it.
So, I take it, and I don't use a lot of
this because this is precious to me. So,
I just anoint my kids with it.
I don't know if he had that on his
website, but he just gave it to
me. I thought it was really nice of him.
Yep. That's what you got to do. You got
to anoint your kids with oil. Anoint your
house.
You know, in this month of October, when
they try to raise their head with all
their satanic activities, with their
jack-o'-lanterns on your porch—don't put
a jack-o'-lantern on your porch.
Stop
with that. It's satanic.
Don't be putting a jack-o'-lantern on your porch.
Don't be dressing your kids up for
Halloween, celebrating the devil.
Don't be trick-or-treating.
You need to listen:
you're opening the door for a demonic
attack against your life.
You need to anoint your house
and keep your pets inside. They try
to sacrifice your cats and everything
else. Plead the blood of Jesus. Go
through your house and anoint your
windows in your home where you lay your
head on the pillow where your bed is.
Anoint your kids. Anoint your car. Pray
over your stuff. Pray over you. Take it
seriously.
And I do it a lot in October,
especially here in America because
they're always celebrating Halloween.
But we don't participate in
Halloween. We do not participate in
Halloween in this house. Period.
The Bible says give no place
to the devil.
Give no place to the devil.
The world is like, 'Well, we just do all
that.'That's
foolishness. If you're a
believing believer, it's foolishness.
'Well, our kids just want to have
fun.'Do
something else. Have a card
game. Play with your kids. Play Uno
or some kind of, you
know, slapjack, or I don't know,
whatever. But I'm just saying do
something else. Watch The Passion of the
Christ or what is that?
The Chosen. I love The Chosen.
You can watch that, especially season
four.
The woman with the issue of
blood is my favorite episode.
But I just want you all to really be
attentive,
watchful.
Watch and pray. Keep your eyes open
right now.
If you feel a check inside of your
spirit and you say the Lord said don't
go there, don't go there. You obey the
voice of God for your life and it'll
keep you alive.
Okay. Listen to Him and listen again.
Follow the voice of God for your life
every single day. Don't be going out and
just doing things just because you think
you can do it. I inquire of the Lord
in everything I do. Even if I think,
"God, am I supposed to go to
church tonight?"You know, it says,
"Forsake not yourself with church,"and I
go to church. I love church. But I even
say, "God, where am I
supposed to be tonight?
Protect me in every step I do.
Show me where I'm supposed to
be."Do
you understand?
Everything you do, I inquire of Him.
Father, I thank You. But then you take
authority over any spirits that try to lie
to you. "Well, no, you shouldn't go to
church."No,
shut up. You know what I'm
saying? I want to make sure if
it's the Holy Spirit or not, and not
the devil. You don't want to be
listening to—you've got to test the
spirits.
Do you confess that Jesus Christ
has
come in the flesh?
Don't be listening to everything,
all these voices. Everybody always
listens
to voices. Test it. Get in the
Word and get centered with the
Holy Spirit inside of you. Say, "Father,
I thank You that I hear Your voice and a
stranger's voice I'll not follow."All those
forebodings and
torment all the time that
the
devil will try to plant on you to
put you in fear, saying, "Hey, you should be in fear
all the time."You walk around, like I
said, like you have an umbrella
over your head, "Oh no, everything—the sky
is falling, Chicken Little."And you go, "No,
it's not falling. We've become
more—we're
more than conquerors through Him who
loved us. More than conquerors. Greater is
He that is in me than he that is in the
world. I'm not living in fear. Fear
tolerated is faith contaminated, and I
will not live in fear. I walk by faith
and not by sight. I'm a believing
believer that has authority over the
devil,
but I listen to the voice of the Spirit
of God. And when He says do it, do it.
Follow Him in every area of your life.
You know, Jack Coe, they—there was all
these people, they had a big rainstorm
coming in. Jack Coe had a big tent
revival in Kansas,
and he had this tent set up and there
were
tens of thousands of people coming
and getting born again. Well, in the
middle of the night, the Lord said,
"Take that tent down right now and put
it in the back of those semis and get
out of there."Well, he had a meeting
the next day and everybody was coming.
Thousands of people were coming to this
meeting to get healed and set free. But
he heard in the middle of the night, the
Spirit of the Lord told him, "I want you
to take your tent, take it down, put
it in the back of those semis and get
out of here quick."Well, he told all
the people the next day, "I'm
sorry, we're canceling the meeting. The
Lord said to take down the tent and
pack
it up and get out of here
quick."And
the pastors and the people around
there said, "Well, you're not hearing
God. Why would God say to do that?
There's so many people getting born
again. There's so many people getting
healed. You're missing it,
brother."And
Jack said, "I'm sorry. I have
an urgency. We must take the tent
down."And
all the other
believers around there saying, "You're
hearing the devil. That's you. Just take
your authority. Just take your
authority, Jack.
Everything's going to be okay. That's
just the devil trying to run you out of
here."He
said, "Well, you say what you
want to, but I'm taking my tent
down."So
he took the tent down, and all of a
sudden, the levees, the dike, the
bridge, the dam broke in that
valley. And in just a matter of
minutes, he had 40 men lifting up
that tent and putting it in
there. They were trying to flee and get
away. And he said, "Please don't leave
me. Help me put my tent inside of the
truck."So
those 40 men lifted that up
there and they got out just in time. He
said he was looking in the rearview
mirror, and where
he
was
was completely
flooded and destroyed. And if he
would have been there, he would have lost
his tent and all those people that
were
in that revival would have died. They
would have drowned. The people that
stayed and did not listen drowned.
Churches were washed out. People died by
the thousands. And so I
just want to let you know,
you say, "Well, that's torment, that's
whatever."You
take your
authority. Jack Coe, he was a man, a mighty
man of God. And I'm just saying, don't
get flaky.
Don't be in presumption.
Hear Him and hear Him again.
Listen to the voice of God and He'll
protect you.
Don't take that flight.
Don't drive down that road.
Listen to Him and listen again.
Don't go to that event.
I just try to tell you this because
I hear a lot of people get real flaky
with stuff, and we've got to stay
grounded
and stay in the Word and don't just be
listening to all kinds of voices.
Listen to one voice: the Holy Spirit. But the
people I hear, they email us and say, "Well,
you know, I hear an audible voice talk to
me all the time"and all this stuff. I'm going
to
tell you, you know how many times Brandon
has heard an audible voice of the Spirit
of God talking to him—I'm talking about
an
audible voice? Never. In fact, well, I'd say
once. I've heard it one time. But out of all
the time I've been born again, I never hear an
audible voice. The Lord does not talk to me in
an
audible voice. He talks to me in the still,
small voice on the inside of me. And the
more you pay attention to the still,
small voice, that still, small voice gets
loud.
And it's no longer still and small to
me; it's loud. I hear Him like I'm
hearing you.
He talks to me and we talk all the time.
He will talk all the time to you. He has
an opinion about everything. The Holy
Spirit has an opinion about everything.
But the more you have a relationship
with Him, the more He will become real
to you.
When you get real with God, God will
become real to you. And He will
talk to you in the still, small
voice inside of you. It's not weird,
you know, "Oh, I hear voices out
here."Those
are devils. 99.9% of the
time, I can probably guarantee you, you're
listening to demonic spirits.
He's the still, small voice inside
of you,
and He'll talk to you through
His Word. Get in this Bible and read it.
And the more you read it, I'm
telling you, it's an enlightenment.
The eyes of your understanding will be
enlightened.
The Bible's a lamp unto my
feet and a light unto my path. I will hide
the Word in my heart that I might not
sin against Him. So, get that Word
down inside of you and pray and
pray some more and fast. If you say,
"Well, I don't hear God,"fast a little
bit. Make your flesh squirm.
Read your Bible, pray, and you'll hear
Him.
Practice His presence.
Practice the Father's presence.
I practice it. I talk to Him just
like I'm talking to Braden right
there. I talk to Him. My kids know
I don't act all hyperspiritual and all
weird and hermeneutical or theosophical.
I'm just an old country guy who has been
raised in a Christian home. You
have to be hungry
for it and you have to be thirsty. And
He said, "Those that knock, He will open
the door. Those that thirst, He will give
you a
drink."Remember,
you're pursuing Him.
How desperate are you for change? How
thirsty, how hungry are you for change
in your life?
"Blessed are the pure in heart, for they
will see
God."That's
Jesus.
But I just want to give you an
encouraging word today.
Thank you for helping me pray this
morning. I appreciate every single one
of you
for always being a part of this and
coming and taking it
seriously.
I don't take it for granted ever that
anyone would come and pray with me and
just be a part of our prayer channel.
We're growing every day. We're almost to
570,000
people,
and we're so grateful for every single
one of you that subscribe and are a part
of this prayer channel. We have been praying for a
million,
and I believe the power of prayer
changes things. We didn't realize Diana
said, "Isn't it so neat that Kathryn
Kuhlman
named her whole organization
Prayer Changes Things?"We didn't know
when we named ours Prayer Changes Things;
that was just leading by the Holy
Spirit. And I said, because it's somebody
we admire,
I said, "That is wonderful, Diana.
Look what the Lord did, even when we
didn't know what He was
doing—just
following the leading of the Holy
Spirit inside of
you."He
has such great plans for every single
one of you. He loves every single one of
you so much. And He's coming.
Do you know Jesus is coming? He's
standing at the door, ladies and
gentlemen. He's coming, but He's wanting
a harvest. He's leaving the ninety-nine to go
after the one right now.
So you pray. And like Sister Billye said
last night,
she talked about interceding for the
unsaved. And you'll be surprised when
you get over there who made it
because of your
prayers—interceding
for your cousins, for your
aunts, for your uncles, for your
grandmas, for your grandpas, for your
moms, your dads, your wife, your
children.
You're going to be—it's going to
be—I'm
telling you, He said that He
wished that none should perish, but all
come to repentance.
And I believe that today your unsaved
loved ones are going to have
an experience with God. So, just have an
expectation for it.
It's time. We're going to start to see
the greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen.
Billy Graham, what he did is
nothing compared to what we're about to
see, and he did a
lot—his
tent meetings and his
things. I believe that what we're about
to see is going to
be like, "Wow,"you know? It's time to
believe God for bigger.
So,
God bless you all. I think that's good
today for right now. I might come on
this evening; depends on what
I'm
feeling this afternoon. But
I wanted to say, I don't know if it's
really a happy Yom Kippur. I don't
even know if it's, you know, I know it's
the Day of Repentance, a Day of
Atonement, right?
So
glory to God for His mercy that we have
Him now. He's our atoner. He washed all
our sins in His precious blood. We don't
have to have a goat. We don't have to
have a sheep. We don't have to have a
scapegoat go up the side of a mountain.
We have Jesus. And Jesus paid the price
for all our sins and all our sickness
and all our disease. He paid the price
for all of us to walk in victory, that we
can come to His throne boldly and sit
down and say, "Dad, how are you doing
today? Jesus, how are you doing
today?"If
it wasn't for the blood of Jesus,
every one of us would be lost. If it
wasn't for the blood of Jesus, none of
us could walk in divine health.
I know it was the blood. I know it was
the blood. I know it was the blood for
me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on
the cross. And I know it was the blood
for me. He's coming back again. He's
coming back again. He's coming back
again for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on
the cross. And I know it was the blood for
me. I believe that's the way the
words go.
"Three days and He arose. Three days and
He
arose."I
love those old songs. He's coming back
again for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on
the cross.
They need to start singing stuff like
that again.
Well, did you get blessed today by it?
Praise the Lord, I hope you did. I was
blessed.
He's coming back again for me.
I know it was the blood. I know it was
the
blood. I know it was the blood for me.
He shed the blood for me. He shed the
blood for you.
Do you believe it?
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on
the cross,
and He's coming back again for me. I
like those old songs; they get you dancing.
Nancy's coming to our church. Nancy
Dufresne's
coming to the church this next
week all for a bunch of days. Then Billy
Burke, you follow Tennessee.
The prayer conference is the fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth,
eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth
in Branson, Missouri—Sister
Billye
Brim, her prayer
conference. And boy, are they going to
have a meeting. They're going
to
have special guests there,
Lynne
Hammond. It's going to be
wonderful. I'm excited about it. We're going
to
go and
get in the prayer flow. There's a
lot of good intercessors. They all
assemble
together, and boy, I tell you
what, you can feel the river when they
all pray. I just love it. You learn to
cut your teeth on that kind of stuff.
It's just changed my life. Why
I am who I am was listening to Sister
Lynne
and Lucy and
Billye
and all the greats.
It's where you learn. You've got
to learn from the elders. And I'm
telling you, it'll change your life.
Don't go Rambo,
you know. So, glory to God.
Anybody have any questions or anything
before I go?
Excuse me.
Do
you see any comments? Nothing. You want
to know anything? If not,
I can't really go into a lot of what
it's about today
until I talk to my friend.
But praise the Lord,
no.
"What does Jesus look like?
What
does
Jesus
look
like?"Yeah,
I'll tell you.
This is it.
Every time
I think about what I saw, His eyes are
pure pools of love.
You can get lost in His eyes.
They're the most crystal
clear eyes
I've ever looked into.
The way He looks at you is the most
yearning and love I can ever
describe of anything I've ever seen.
When He looks at you, He looks right
through you.
When He looks at you, the purity of who
He is,
it's—when
you say love,
His eyes
are the expression of love.
They're the most beautiful
blue-green
looking color I've ever seen.
But there's no end to
them.
His
hair goes real tailored to about right
here, but it's tailored.
It's very manicured
and it's a beautiful brown color.
His beard is perfect.
His beard is very tailored and perfect.
It's not long and bushy; it's tailored.
Everything about Him, His skin tone is
an olive.
It's not white like Brandon; it's
more of a brown, like an olive.
But His beard is a brown; it's not
black. It's brown like the shade of His
hair, but His eyes are a blue, like a
green-blue.
They're
the most piercing color of blue I've
ever seen, like a beautiful color.
They were not brown;
they looked blue to me. And you know
what? Remember whenever I had the throne
experience?
The eye that came out of the eye
was like an all-seeing eye, but it came
out and there was fire dancing in the
middle of it.
Fire was moving all inside of the eye.
It wasn't one fire; it was hundreds
of fires burning all inside of the eye
because
He was a consuming fire.
The fire was dancing upon fire
as I looked into it. And it
was
everything I could do not to wet myself.
I'm not trying to be funny;
I'm just being real with you.
It was the most fearful thing I've ever
seen in my life. I literally
thought I was going to die.
The fire was the most consuming fire, and
the eyes were fire.
And His voice was so thunderous
that I thought it was going to
pierce the inside of me
when He spoke.
And He said, "I am that I
am."That's
what He said. And it was so loud
that it shook the very room that I was
in: "I am that I
am."And
it went "woo".
When He spoke, it went "woo". And every
one of His words never died; they turned
into a seed in front of my face.
And as He spoke, they all gathered in
lines.
And they all started to sprout like a
peanut before me, like spider
vines.
And every word became a word, and it
never died. And it grew in front of my
face as He spoke, and it formed
sentences. And as the words were coming
out, they grew together, and
all the words grew together. And they
went straight down,
and
the river of it was flowing
through His throne.
It was a river of water. And the roots
and the words that came forth out of His
mouth, they grew into the water and they
grew a taproot into the water and they
never died.
Every word that he spoke became a
plant, like a growth of something coming
out, and it grew.
His words never die.
They're always alive.
They don't return unto him void.
He doesn't flippantly talk.
His words become alive in the seed,
and they spring forth life
as he speaks, and they
grow into the water,
and the water flows from his throne. And
there's ankle-deep, waist-deep, and
there's over-the-head deep, clear at his
throne—the
clearest, purest water
you've ever seen in your life.
No pollution, no nothing. It's
the most beautiful water. And there's
plants that are growing into that water.
I could see
the seeds.
And as he spoke, they kept growing, and
they went up together, and it looked like
a whole...
I told you there
were
hieroglyphics and writing I've never
seen before.
They were all on these tablets on the
side, and I could see writing, and
it was etched in this stone. It
looked like granite.
It was all on the side of his throne,
and I could see the words that were
written looked like they were etched by
his hand,
like you would see like
Moses'tablets,
but it was writing like I've never seen
before. And there were all kinds of
different shapes and things.
It
looked like something from
like what you'd see
in
Egyptian
hieroglyphics.
It was a writing. I don't
understand it, but it was all
etched in the side of this rock.
I don't know why he let me see that, but
they were there and he pointed it out to
me.
It was ancient
and upon his head. His
crown
has three major stones.
They were blue as sapphire.
And upon his head was a crown that
looked like a sapphire.
This
massive fire was coming out of him, and
he allowed me to see inside of him.
And he's endless. There is no beginning
and there is no end.
But there's sparkles of light,
and he is a dimension in himself.
He
said, "I want to let you
see,"and
he let me. Whether you
believe or
don't believe, I don't really care
what you believe. I'm telling you what I
saw.
And upon his head were stones, three
major stones,
and I got to see inside of it,
and they were blue
and they were
gorgeous.
The most beautiful thing I've ever seen,
and I beheld it.
But inside of him, there was no beginning
and there was no end. He was a
dimension.
He is God,
Jehovah
our God,
from his throne, and his eyes are a flaming
fire.
He is a consuming fire.
And upon his throne, the angels go
around, and they were singing, "Holy,
holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was
and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts,
who was and is and is to come."And as
they said it, it shook the
foundation of everything.
Did you hear that? Yeah.
Was that thunder
when I said that, son?
Yeah,
that was over the top. That gave me
chills.
Whoa.
Wow.
Praise God. Whoa.
Did you hear that? When I said that,
every prayer
when we pray looks like a ball of fire.
It circles his throne,
and they go inside of him, and he
breathes them in.
I watched him as we pray, interceding for
the world. They come up, and they
look like comets,
and they circle his throne, and he
breathes the prayers in, and they come
out, and they circle,
and they don't die. The prayers
continually are fire, and I could see
them coming in and out of him, and he
would breathe
and it would circle.
I remember seeing a man praying
for intercession, and
he allowed me to hear this. Pastor
Tracy Harris
was interceding for the nations, and
Pastor Tracy Harris was praying for the
nations, and I was allowed to hear him.
He has a church in
Texarkana,
and he was in the throne room with me
that day and didn't know I could hear
him praying, and the Lord allowed me to
hear Pastor Tracy Harris praying in the
throne room.
He was interceding for the world,
and I saw an impartation going to that
man that day.
I have these experiences and I don't
talk about them very often, but you
asked.
But there is no beginning and there is
no end. There is no time.
He is God.
And for what little glimpse I got to see
that day,
oh,
he
looks like a massive eye.
There
are
no words that can
can describe.
I tried my best, even with what
I said to you today. He is light, and
in him, there is no darkness at all. He
is light.
But once you get past the outer layer—there's a layer
of...
okay,
I'll try my best.
His skin is light,
okay? But inside of him... we're made in
his image,
okay? So you look at it like this: you
take the sun, and you look at the sun, and
the sun is dark compared
to what he looked like.
But once you can get past the light, we
are
made in his
image.
We are made like him.
He looks like us
or we look like him,
just like Jesus.
He has form.
But once you get past the layer of
light,
he is a dimension.
There is no beginning and there is no
end.
It's light. There
are
balls of light and fire inside
of him.
And there are beautiful rainbow colors in
his throne.
It was living water.
That was a glimpse of what I was allowed
to see that day.
But whatever those tablets were, or
writing I've never seen before...
and that picture that my son is showing
you right there
looks almost identical to
the
way
he
came.
Not that one. That one.
This one.
Yes.
Yeah.
Mhm.
But it's better than that.
Yeah,
that's similar.
He looks happier than that.
That picture right there, he looks a lot
like that, but it's
not adequate enough.
His skin is more olive,
and his hair is better than that.
His beard is similar, his eyes are very
similar, but even that pales in
comparison. How do you draw that? How do you
paint
that? That's somebody's image of
him,
and they did a pretty good job,
but he is more beautiful. It's better than
that. And he doesn't always dress that
way.
He has
different outfits, and it's pretty cool.
I've seen
him in a thing that had all kinds
of really cool embroidery on the sides,
that had some kind of writing
that looked like a cloak.
I've seen him with a king's crown. I've
seen him with a
cloak over him. I've seen him just in
white.
But every time is always so amazing. He
is
always happy, and
he's always so
excited. His face is always so full of
love, and he's
just Jesus.
He has huge holes in his hands
because he died for you.
And in his hands, you can see through the
holes—huge
holes. And through
his feet. And he wears sandals.
Not Nikes, not Reeboks. He wears sandals
every time. Beautiful leather sandals
every time.
And one day soon, we will spend eternity
with him.
Oh, they said you saw him in overalls.
Oh, yes! I have seen him in overalls.
As
the harvester, he was wearing overalls.
Yes, he did. Yes, he did. The day
he came,
that was really an amazing
vision. That was an amazing visitation.
He was wearing those overalls.
I can't remember... didn't he have a hat?
He had a straw hat on, too,
yeah. And he put this thing...
he had a
blade of wheat he plucked off
the ground, and he put it in his
mouth, and he twirled it around in his
lips.
And he said, "I am the Lord of the
harvest, Brandon. Will you help me bring
in the people?"And there was a barn full
of glory. And he said,
"That's your harvesting equipment up
there."And
his hands... he
said, "I died for every single one of
them."He
held his hands out, and
there was a hole that went all the way
through, and I could see the wheat on the
other side—the one that he plucked up
and put in his mouth.
And he was twirling it with his mouth,
that little piece of wheat.
Yeah.
He's such a friend.
Oh, Lord.
Soon.
Yep.
When he came and he said, "One last
call,"he
was wearing a different outfit.
That's what I'm talking about. He was
wearing what was like a robe, but
he had a priestly
embroidery all on the side of this robe.
It
looked like a cloak, and
it went over and went down all around
the side. It went down in stripes all
the way down, and there was some kind of
writing on it. It was beautiful.
And that's when he was saying, "One last
call.
One last
call."That
is what he kept saying.
And his voice turned into a shofar.
And
as he would blow, he would yell,
"One last call!"It would echo through
the land as the sound of a horn,
saying,
"One last
call."Yep,
praise the Lord.
Once you have one
experience, you're hooked.
You're hooked. I'm addicted to
Jesus.
There's nothing this world can offer me.
I do everything I do for him. Once you
have a touch from him, if you could
just have one second,
that one touch will change you forever.
That one
touch—it
radically changes you from the inside
out. And I'm telling you, ladies and
gentlemen, Jesus is coming. When I went
to the tribulation with him, and we walked
the
tribulation and saw the tribulation
together, he looked at me and said,
"Brandon, I'm coming. Go tell my people
that I'm coming.
Go tell my people."And every visitation
I have of heaven—and I've seen so much
of it—I'm telling you, ladies and
gentlemen, it is the most beautiful
place he's prepared for every single one
of you.
When we get over there and you get
there, I can't wait to say hi to you.
It's going to be such a
wonderful time.
What a family reunion!
What a day of rejoicing that will be
when we all see Jesus.
We'll sing and shout the victory.
When we all get to heaven,
what a day of rejoicing that will be.
When we all see Jesus,
we'll sing and shout the victory.
Oh,
it's coming.
He's coming.
We just have a little bit more work to
do.
But now we have our friends over there;
they're making intercession for us and
they're helping. He's praying for us. Do
you understand? And he's interceding for
us, and he is at the right hand of
the Father. And I'm telling you, he
loves every single one of you.
You know, every
time I talk about it, I've just got to give
an altar call. You have to know him.
If you don't know my friend and you're
watching this today,
you must know him.
You must know my friend.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal Savior and you're
watching this today,
he died for you.
You may be somebody—you might be at
your work right now and you just
stumbled upon this broadcast today, and
you're watching it and you don't even
know how you're watching or why you're
watching or whatever, but you feel that
tugging on the inside of you right now.
You feel a stirring on the inside of you.
You may have known him before and you've
turned your back on him.
He never turned his back on you, but you
turned your back on him. You used to be
radically on fire for Jesus at one point
in time in your life, but you've slowly
slipped back into what you used to be.
The old man became alive again.
You turned your back on the Lord. You
said, "Ah, you know, this Christian
thing is not for me."But you see the
signs around you. You see
that
things are heating up. You know there's
something going on,
and you feel it's time to come back to
the Father.
Just like the prodigal son or the
prodigal
daughter, you're laying in the pig
pen
and you're just saying, "If I could go
back to the Father today, would he
accept me?"But he's ready to kill the
fatted calf and he has that robe ready
to put on you.
Don't go one more day without Jesus.
Don't go one more hour, one more minute,
one more second without him.
It's appointed unto man once to die and
after that the judgment.
The very shoes you put on right now to
go to work or do whatever you're going
to do today, the undertaker might be
taking them off that evening.
No one is promised tomorrow.
You may die
today, you may die tomorrow, or you may die
in your sleep. You don't know.
But the Bible says to be absent from
the body is to be present with the Lord
if you're a born-again Christian, or you're
instantaneously in hell for eternity.
I want you to choose today whom you will
serve.
I want you to really think this
through. This may be your last
opportunity,
but if you feel that stirring
on the inside of you right now—the Bible says
that no man comes to the Father unless
he calls him. And if you feel that
stirring on the inside of you right now,
after I've told you all about how much
he loves you and what he has for
you, that's the Holy Spirit
scratching. He's knocking on your door
saying, "Will you let me in?
I'm at your door and I'm knocking. I'm
asking you, will you let me
in?"I
believe that today Jesus is knocking
on your heart. You may be watching this
and you turned your back on him. Like I
said, you may be a person that's
never asked Jesus to be your
Lord and personal Savior. But today, I
want to give you the opportunity to ask
him into your life.
Jesus died for you publicly, so I want
you to become public with your
decision to follow him today. I want you
to put in the comment section right now,
"I need to be saved. I'm coming
home."Today,
"I want to be saved today. I'm
coming home. Today is my day. I'm
running to the Father like that sheep
that says, 'Hey, I just need a
shepherd.'"If
that's you and you're here right now
and you're feeling that stirring on the
inside of you, I want you to just put in
the comment section right now, "I want to
be saved,"or "I want to rededicate my
life. I want to come
home."I'll
give you a couple of seconds. I
just want you to make that decision
right now.
Well, if you're here and you've made
that decision, you've said that, I want
to lead you in a prayer.
It's a simple prayer.
I am the most unreligious person
you'll ever meet.
I'm about relationship.
I want you to know my friend today. I
want you to have a relationship with him.
I'm not introducing you to a church and
to a denomination.
I'm not trying to tell you you need to
be Baptist, Methodist, Catholic,
whatever. I'm telling you, you just need
to be a born-again Christian
that just loves Jesus.
So, I want you to repeat this prayer
after me. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you
rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me in your precious
blood.
Jesus,
I turn my back on the world. I turn my
back on the devil. I turn my back on my
past. And from this day forward, Lord,
I'll serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I'll serve you from this day
forward. With all I have, with
everything I have inside of me, I
dedicate my life to you.
Jesus, write my name in the Lamb's Book
of Life.
Cleanse me, Father. Make me new.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven
me. Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my
name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
I love you,
Lord."And
then for those that are coming home
today, say, "Lord, I'm coming home. I'm
coming home.
Thank you, Lord,
that you've forgiven me and I'm coming
home."If
you just said that prayer, I believe
that you just got born again.
I believe that you are no longer
unsaved,
but today you just
did the best thing you could ever do.
You accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord
and personal Savior.
Now, what do you do? Find
a non-denominational church.
That's what I would do: find a
non-denominational church. I would go to
church every Sunday, every Wednesday
when they have a Bible study, whatever
you can do to learn about Christianity
and what you just did today. Come here,
pray with us, but find a pastor at one of those
non-denominational
churches
and tell
them, "I need to be water-baptized.
I want to make the next step."I want to
be water-baptized, sir. Help me. Help me.
Can you help me? And get
water-baptized.
Read a Bible. Find a Bible. Read a Bible
every day and pray with us. Pray
by yourself. Find and say,
'Jesus, I want you to become real to me.
I want you to become real to me. Help
your word to become real to
me.'Read
Psalms. Read Proverbs. Read the
easy stuff first because you're a new
baby. But read that. It's easy reads.
Read them. Read Matthew, Mark,
Luke, and John. Read those. Learn about
Jesus and what he did for you.
Pray with us. Find a church
and
become a volunteer. You know, maybe
they'll want you to usher or be a
doorkeeper
or something and get plugged in.
It's not hard. But I'm going to tell you
this: you may fall down and skin your
knee again and be in sin. The
devil might tempt you again. You may
fall. But you run to God when you sin;
you don't run away from him. You run to
God when you sin; you don't run from
him. And when you confess your sin is
not when Jesus found out about it; it's
when you got rid of it. So you may fall,
you may skin your knee,
but you run to him and say, 'Jesus, I
need you to help me. I can't do this on
my own.'And he's an ever-present help in
a time of need. He'll never leave you.
He'll never forsake you. 'Lo, and to the
end of the earth,'he said he'd be with
you always. I believe that today Jesus
will become real to you as you became
real with him. 'Father, I need
you.'That's
it.
He loves you just as you are, and he'll
change you from the inside out, cleanse
you and make you right. He did it. But
you got to—now don't go back
like a dog. Don't be like a dog that goes
back to the vomit and say, 'You know
what? I'm going to go back into the old
lifestyle I had.'Behold, he makes all
things new. And you make the choice to
say, 'Hey, I'm following you.'But don't
go back practicing sin. Make a
commitment. Say, 'Lord, if you help me,
I'm going to do my best to stay out of
that mess. Help me.
Help me. I can't do this on my
own.'And
that's called God's grace.
It's something you don't earn and
something you don't deserve. It's
Jesus's grace. He's paved the way for
it. He'll help you. The Holy Spirit will
help you. So, praise God. Now, if you
can't afford a Bible, we want to send
you a Bible for free. There's an email
in the description down below. I want
you to email that and say, 'I want a
Bible for free. I just got born again
watching your broadcast today, and I
would love to have a Bible.'Diana, my
wife, and I will send you a Bible for
free just to congratulate you on your
decision to serve Jesus today. We'll
give you a Bible for free. Just tell us
down below your address, your
information. We'll never solicit you.
We'll not bother you ever again. We just
want to celebrate your decision today
that you gave your heart to Jesus
Christ. So if you are here and you gave
your heart to Jesus Christ, do that.
It's fine. You know, we'll give you a
Bible—usually
a New King
James or a King James or Amplified. So
praise God. Praise God. Did we have
anybody get born again, son?
80. 80 people. Well, glory to God, you
came back home. We're excited. 80 people,
and
you're our first altar call of
October. So, we'll keep
a—I
want to know because I'm going to try to
do it every single time I do a broadcast.
Don't ever forget to do an altar call
because we're—so 80, I'll write
that down. 80 people today gave their
heart to Jesus. Praise God. We're
excited.
80. Yesterday, the day before
yesterday, was, I think, 30. And in South
Korea was that, or 20?
Yeah, it was 20. I think it was 20 in
South Korea.
20. Okay.
Well, I think that's good.
Does
anybody else have anything? I think
that's good today.
If you could do me a favor, if you have
never subscribed to my channel, please
subscribe to our channel. Help us. Help
us. We're believing God for a million
subscribers, for
a
million men and women prayer army.
Please subscribe,
click the notification bell, comment
something nice down below if this
blessed you today, and help us with
the algorithm.
Now, we have addressed
TikTok.
There was a
man impersonating me, and he wanted you
to give him $5 a month for a
subscription.
He is a con artist. I don't have a
subscription telling you anything
about crypto or anything. But there are
many of you that have subscribed to this
man's $5-a-month program, thinking
you're supporting me. This is not me.
I'm going after this man for
impersonating me and stealing
the money and telling you
financial advice that I do not do. This
TikTok
guy is evil. He's hid himself.
He had over 100,000 subscribers.
I want you to know that that is not me,
and I'm not asking you for $5 or a paid
subscription to anything.
And so I'm very, very angry about this.
100,000 people—that's a lot of people,
that's a lot of money.
So I want you to know we're going after
every TikToker, and we're going to
take you down. We're not going to allow
this. I am very angry about this, that
this is going on over there. Several
hundred channels impersonating me and
ripping people off, and
TikTok
is a cesspool.
It is a cesspool. It's a swamp. It is a
social media swamp
of how they handle it over there, and I
am very irritated about it. Diana spent
all night long doing this because of how
bad this was.
So, know that we are going to take down
every account that is impersonating me
from now on.
And if I have to, I'll hire an
attorney. I'm not kidding. That's how
serious it is. $5 and a subscriber for
all the transcript over there, and
over 100,000 people. That is
ridiculous.
And I am not telling you anything about
investment or
whatever he's telling you through
Telegram.
So, the other thing is, AI just took
the leap. Remember when I told you
all about AI and how AI was going to
take another leap and it would start to
evolve and become greater and greater?
They did an update yesterday,
and this new update is
off-the-charts
technology that we have never seen
before. And I'm telling you all, great
deception is coming beyond anything you
can comprehend, with things
that you will see that will be
very
deceiving.
Deceiving. Thank you, son. I'm tired.
Do you have that to show
them?
Yeah, I'm going to get it.
I want you to stay here for just a
second and see this. I don't think very many
of you all have seen this, but I want
you to see. Remember when I told you
they're going to try to explain away the
revival that's about to take place?
Remember I told you they will try to
get you to second-guess the
creative miracles that are about to take
place? Watch this. Can you
show them that?
I want you to tell me, do you think this
looks real?
Can you show them?
Are they still here?
Okay, watch this right here.
I want you to see this little video. If
you can get that up there.
Do you see this? Let's see if you can.
Okay. Now, can they hear it?
Yeah. Go ahead. Play it now. This is new
AI.
'Jesus, Father, I speak life into this
limb right now.''Oh. Oh my. I feel it.
Grow out in Jesus'name. Be made
perfect.''It's
there. I can move it.
Thank you, Lord.''Let's stand him up.
Give God the praise.''Jesus, Father, I
speak life into this limb right
now.''Oh.
Oh my. I feel it.
Grow out in Jesus'name. Be made
perfect.''It's
there. I can move it.
Thank you, Lord.''Let's stand him up.
Give God the
praise.'Do
you see that? That's AI.
That's fake.
But they're going to try to use that to
try to discredit and
make you think that the creative
miracles and the power of God that
you're about to see with the greatest
harvest and the greatest
soul-winning
of healing demonstrations and
manifestations that you've ever seen in
this world before. They're going to try
to explain away like this
that was created out of AI.
Can you believe that? That looked real,
didn't it?
Do you see the deception that's coming?
I'm trying to warn you all. Great
deception is coming. That looked real,
didn't it? Like that man's leg grew out.
Did they see it?
Yeah.
There's much more that I could show you.
There's much more. You will not be able
to, without great
discernment, decipher what's
real and what's fake in the days ahead
with
the new update that they just
did last night. That
was
last night. I told you it would
evolve and
become so powerful, so quickly, that
it's going to
deceive many, and everybody's going to
go like, 'Oh, that's just
AI,'when
people are really getting healed.
Do you have anything else?
We have drones. We have all
kinds.
What do they think about that? I can't see
what they're saying.
They say it looks pretty real.
It's starting
to.
It's just starting.
That one looked like a tent.
Yeah, but look at this. This
doesn't grow out, though. But
yeah, but he gets up. This is another
fake one
right here. But the Lord is the same
today. 'Brother, do you believe?''I do.''In the name of Jesus Christ, I command this leg to grow and be made whole.'Give God the praise, saints, the church. You can see the difference right here. But the Lord is the same today, brother. Do you believe?
I do.
In the name of Jesus Christ, I command
this leg to grow and be made whole. Give
God the praise, saints, the church.
Do you see that?
I'm just saying it's coming. Great
deception. And many people
are going to be deceived by it.
But it's to try to take
away from the authenticity of what God's
going to do.
God's going to do something huge. But
see, the devil comes as such a—he's such
a jerk to try to go, 'Oh, see, that
stuff's not...'because you'll question it.
'Is that real? Is that fake? I don't
know.'And
as I told you, this is
his plan.
I'm like,
'Whatever.'You're
not going to stop the glory
of God that's going to cover this earth
like water covers the sea. We are going
to see some amazing things. And I'm
telling you, we're not going to allow
the devil to use his little tactics and
his gimmicks to try to discredit or harm
what we're about to do. That's what
we're going to do. We're going to pray
over that kind of stuff, and we're going
to say, 'Satan, you're under our feet,
and you're not using AI against us.
You're a liar and you're
defeated.'So,
glory to God. I think that's
good today. We'll pray more maybe this
evening. I don't know. We'll see. But I
just wanted to come on today and
handle that business this morning, and
just tell you all we've got the victory.
Well,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you all and we'll
see you again soon. Thank you.